i think uh thanks everyone for being
here thanks unique for the date
uh cool uh so first up we have alan shaw
presenting on
remote pinning service api on
nft.storage
so alan you're up okay
uh let me share the screen
okay um all right do you see your screen
your beautiful screen saying okay all
right um
so this is about the pinning service api
and uh nft.storage
and ftw storage is a thing that happened
for nfte hack
uh and um just after the hack
uh we've uh we shipped
this just this week uh the uh we've
implemented the uh ipfs pinning service
api if you don't know what that is
that's a
it's a way it's this thing that i've got
on my screen at the moment is that way
of
getting your ipfs to uh talk to remote
pinning services like
like pinata for example um and then you
and what's great about it is it's a
standard uh api
that you can kind of you can switch out
your storage providers whenever you want
uh provided that they adhere to this
because they all they should all be
speaking the same sort of language
um so on an nft.storage um
if you scroll down the site a little bit
you can it tells you about
like ways in which you can um you can
kind of store data on
an ftd storage you can use the client
library raw http
request but if you notice over here
we've got this little red box which says
configure as a remote pinning service
and this is what i'm going to demo you
uh to uh for now what i'm going to do
first is turn on do not disturb so i
don't get any more messages
um and there we go so i'm going to copy
this this is what you
what you'd possibly do if you were to
do this yourself over here i've got my
ipfs node running
and what i'm going to do is uh just
paste in this thing and you see at the
end it's got this your api
key thing here so i need to delete that
and i need to head over back over to
nfd.storage
i've already logged in so i'm just going
to have a look at manage api keys
here got no keys create a new key i'm
going to call this
remote pin which i did already because i
practiced this
and so the key the key is being created
for me there i'm just going to grab hold
of that
and then i can go back over here and
paste it in and so now i should have my
uh remote pinning service
uh uh well configured in ipfs so i
should be able to do
ipfs pin
sorry pin remote
service ls and it tells me that it's
installed that's great
um so that's fun but let's
let's let's use it um cool so um this is
my
this is my gif folder this is where i i
uh i keep all of my favorite
um uh images from the internet
uh the ones that are notable that um
that i'd want to kind of download and
keep
um forever anyway so this is this is a
nice one this uh pug
riding a yellow tricycle uh bicycle i
mean um
so what i'm gonna do is i'm just going
to add that to ipfs so i'm going to
press add
and it's like b something like that
there we go so here he is
he's in um let's just clear this out
uh and so what i can do now is i can
tell
this pug to be pinned to nft dot storage
um so using uh the command ipfs
uh pin
remote add and then i specify that guy i
specify
uh the service which is called
nft.storage
and then if if all goes to plan
this should get pinned on nft dot
storage so let's have a quick
let's wait my internet has been flaky
recently so i'll be surprised
if this works hooray there it is okay
perfectly
that's that's that's great it so
apparently it's been pinned
um so i can do i should be able to do
ipfs pin
remote uh ls
service
service nft storage
there it is there we go so it tells me
that it is pinned um and then i should
be able to
head back over to nft dot storage look
at my files here
[Music]
and uh this uh so this cid
let's just double check that that is the
cid yeah so uh
qmt ti-1 um so that's the cid of the
um
the thing that i uploaded if i click on
it then it should load it up on the
gateway
uh it works hooray um
and i think uh well what i can show you
actually is um
i can do ipfs pin um
remote rm
cid weirdly i have to pass the cid flag
for removing but for other
adding i don't uh service
d-dot storage so i can remove it as well
i can un-pin it
there we go so i can remove it
very that's good i guess it's gone let's
have a quick look ls is there anything
here
nope so nothing there and if i go back
to nft storage if i look at my
files it should disappear okay
perfect all right that's it uh the
remote pinning service
uh you can use it with nfc.storage now
hooray
that's my demo
cool very cool